25/02/2018
   #Notes Second meeting

*	Gonna do GitTagging 
*	TAs comments
*	Never do anything alone-maybe pairs of 2(makes it easier to compare)
*	Organization of scrum board
*	Product backlog-not focused for now, make a table maybe, translate those to smaller.
*	Weekly sprint should be more detailed,assigned to specific people maybe. Starts counting for points from next week.
*	Checkstyle report needs to be up every week.
*	Maver-checkstyle
*	About the servers
*	Server greeting you is what the server sends
*	Database 
*	Send the error on mattermost 
*   Something probably not configuring 
*	Fullwork of vegetarian meal (working bottomwork)
*	Sketch the idea
*	Fetch something from the data (front end and back-end)
*	Flow of the gui(think about it)
*	Back-end-putting things in the database
*	How to connect gui and database?
*	Client should be running on the gui
*	Connection between JAVAFX And JAVA
*	Find it yourself
*	Standard template thingy on the template thingy to add your own things to get more points.
*	Important for the base working (next couple of weeks)
*	Sprint review ready by next Monday
