#### Sixth Meeting

##### **Goal**

Make sure everything is done. Prepare another demo for next Monday. (show “finished” product, (because a lot can wrong in the last couple of days))

##### **Presence**

All of us arrived before the demo presentation.

_Chair: Emre   
Notetaker: Klodi_

##### **Done:**

•	We connected the gui with the server, updated everything   
•	Fixed the server    
•	Selenium features done too   
•	Passwords encrypted   
•	Demo requirements met

~Sam’s comments:
_/* “Show the user what’s happening and why it’s happening”. Some features are more complicated than other ones. E.g. If you install solar panels, how many days have you had them? If you lower the temperature in your home, for how long? More freedom of choice when adding a vegetarian meal, maybe even a textbox. “Take the abstraction from the website to the application”.
“Make the UI more responsive as well, so you know where to press etc.”
“If you use the app yourself, what do you want to see? For the demo it’s fine”_ 

_**_About ethics:_**_

_E.g. Selenium, or the C02 tracker. “Everything that goes wrong with these websites are indirect implications for you, so justify your choices; show your ethical assumptions” */_


#### **TO-DO:**   
•	Make the app feel usable (Convey more clarity) – Everyone           
•	Polish the GUI - Dan    
•	Implementing Design Pattern - Klodi    
•	Finish working on the report – Shivangi, Lucas     
•	Add the Checkstyle to the CI – Shivangi       
•	Personal contributions to report – Everyone     
•	Prepare the presentation – Everyone      
•	Bug fixing – Emre     
•	Having more feedback through Selenium – Jonathan     

